Context:
This dataset has 15,150 images from 12 different classes of household garbage; paper, cardboard, biological, metal, plastic, green-glass, brown-glass, 
white-glass, clothes, shoes, batteries, and trash.

Garbage Recycling is a key aspect of preserving our environment. To make the recycling process possible/easier, the garbage must be sorted to
groups that have similar recycling process. I found that most available data sets classify garbage into a few classes (2 to 6 classes at most). 
Having the ability to sort the household garbage into more classes can result in dramatically increasing the percentage of the recycled garbage.

Content:
An ideal setting for data collection would be to place a camera above a conveyor where the garbage comes one by one, so that the camera can capture 
real garbage images. But since such a setup is not feasible at the moment I collected most of the images in this dataset by web scraping, I tried to 
get images close to garbage images whenever possible, for example in biological garbage category I searched for rotten vegetables, rotten fruits and 
food remains, etc. However, for some classes such as clothes or shoes it was more difficult to get images of clothes or shoes from the garbage, so 
mostly it was images of normal clothes. Nevertheless, being able to classify the images of this data set to 12 classes can be a big step towards 
improving the recycling process.

Acknowledgements:
The clothes category and 22 % of the shoes' category were obtained from the Clothing dataset https://www.kaggle.com/agrigorev/clothing-dataset-full
Around 29% of the other 9 classes combined was collected from the Garbage Classification dataset https://www.kaggle.com/asdasdasasdas/garbage-classification
All the rest of the images were obtained using Web Scrapping.
All the images collected using web scrapping are owned by their original photographers/owners. The images are only used to promote research and is 
not used to generate any profit. Any of the images in the data set can be deleted upon the request of the original photographer/owner.